Add docs for KubeletTracing feature gate 1.25 (#35137)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-traces.md

<!-- overview -->

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.22, kube-apiserver" state="alpha" >}}

> {{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.25, kubelet" state="alpha" >}}

Reviewer: I'm afraid that this use isn't idiomatic. The version should always be just a version string.

Author: I wasn't sure how to list each separately, I know. I tried a few different ways. Do you have a suggestion? Or, should I only list the latest? or the earliest? There will be other components added here, too (scheduler next, maybe?)

Author: updated, added new feature state shortcode under kubelet traces

For more information about the `TracingConfiguration` struct, see
[API server config API (v1alpha1)](/docs/reference/config-api/apiserver-config.v1alpha1/#apiserver-k8s-io-v1alpha1-TracingConfiguration).

> ### kubelet traces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Trace instrumentation for the kubelet {#kubelet-traces}
```

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.25" state="alpha" >}}

The kubelet CRI interface and authenticated http servers are instrumented to generate
trace spans. As with the apiserver, the endpoint and sampling rate are configurable.
Trace context propagation is also configured. When enabled without a tracing configuration sampling rate,
a parent span's sampling decision is respected.

> Enabled without a configured endpoint, the default OpenTelemetry Collector reciever address of "localhost:4317" is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable tracing but do not configure a custom target for the OpenTelemetry data, the kubelet
sends trace data to the default OpenTelemetry Collector receiver address (`localhost:4317`).
```
(in the original, **reciever** is a typo / spelling error)

For more information about the `TracingConfiguration` struct, see
[API server config API (v1alpha1)](/docs/reference/config-api/apiserver-config.v1alpha1/#apiserver-k8s-io-v1alpha1-TracingConfiguration).

### Trace instrumentation for the kubelet {#kubelet-traces}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.25" state="alpha" >}}

The kubelet CRI interface and authenticated http servers are instrumented to generate
trace spans. As with the apiserver, the endpoint and sampling rate are configurable.

> Trace context propagation is also configured. When enabled without a tracing configuration sampling rate,

Reviewer 2: For the sampling rate, the parent span's sampling decision is always respected first (i.e. always sample if parent is sampled, never sample if parent is not sampled).  The configured sampling rate applies to spans without a parent.

Author: updated, it now reads:
```
A parent span's sampling decision is always respected.
A provided tracing configuration sampling rate will apply to spans without a parent.
Enabled without a configured endpoint, the default OpenTelemetry Collector reciever address of "localhost:4317" is set.
```

Reviewer 2: That works for me!

For more information about the `TracingConfiguration` struct, see
[API server config API (v1alpha1)](/docs/reference/config-api/apiserver-config.v1alpha1/#apiserver-k8s-io-v1alpha1-TracingConfiguration).

### kubelet traces

> 

Reviewer: We could put a specific feature state shortcode here.

Author: updated

The kubelet CRI interface and authenticated http servers are instrumented to generate
trace spans. As with the apiserver, the endpoint and sampling rate are configurable.
Trace context propagation is also configured.

#### Enabling tracing in the kubelet

To enable tracing, enable the `KubeletTracing`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
on the kubelet. Also, provide the kubelet with a

> [tracing configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/component-base/blob/master/tracing/api/v1/types.go).

Reviewer: Watch out for referencing the master branch. Can we reference the v1.25 release branch instead?

Author: updated
